




Mathematically speaking, we say that an agent’s behavior is described by the agent function that maps any given percept sequence to an action.

Internally, the agent function for an artificial agent will be implemented by an
agent program. It is important to keep these two ideas distinct. The agent function is an
abstract mathematical description; the agent program is a concrete implementation, running
within some physical system.


The Structure of Agents:
So far we have talked about agents by describing behavior—the action that is performed after
any given sequence of percepts. Now we must bite the bullet and talk about how the insides
work. The job of AI is to design an agent program that implements the agent function—
the mapping from percepts to actions. We assume this program will run on some sort of
computing device with physical sensors and actuators—we call this the architecture:
agent = architecture + program .
In general, the architecture makes the percepts from
the sensors available to the program, runs the program, and feeds the program’s action choices
to the actuators as they are generated.

2.4.1 Agent programs
The agent programs that we design in this book all have the same skeleton: they take the
current percept as input from the sensors and return an action to the actuators.4 Notice the
difference between the agent program, which takes the current percept as input, and the agent
function, which takes the entire percept history. The agent program takes just the current
percept as input because nothing more is available from the environment; if the agent’s actions
need to depend on the entire percept sequence, the agent will have to remember the percepts.

2.4.2 Simple reflex agents
The simplest kind of agent is the simple reflex agent. These agents select actions on the basis
of the current percept, ignoring the rest of the percept history.
For example, the vacuum agent
whose agent function is tabulated in Figure 2.3 is a simple reflex agent, because its decision
is based only on the current location and on whether that location contains dirt. An agent
program for this agent is shown in Figure 2.8.


Bot inherits from the sensor class, actuator class


Sensor:
    ObjectDetectionSystem
    ObjectTrackingSystem

Actuator:


Bot:
    Agent

    Sensor
        ObjectDetectionSystem
        ObjectTrackingSystem
    Actuator


Tasks:
    mining
    woodcutting
    navigation
    inventory management

Tasks:
    ResourceGathering
    Combat
        fight(entity)
        loot(item)
    InventoryManagement
        drop_item(item_name)
        drop_items(item_name)



click on a mine/tree
click on mob
click on an item on the ground
click on an npc
click on the minimap to navigate
click on


GATHER
    CHOP
        click on trew
        click on trew
        ...
        click on trew
    MINE
        click on mine
        click on mine
        ....
        click on mine


DROP
drop mine ore
drop mine ore
...
drop mine ore
